That's me, your husband
By the way, I still won't go with you tomorrow.
Why is this the first time to come to Jiangnan Road?
I still want to go out for a walk
By the way, I'll add you two new clothes.
The lady has a heart
Tomorrow, I will ask the next Ren to go with you.
Let me introduce you
This is the famous owner of Lin's Restaurant
Shopkeeper Lin Yilin
I've heard about it for a long time.
I am Li Rongfa, the president of the Jiangnan Guild
President Li, please
Shopkeeper Lin, I have long heard of your name
Less than two months
They took the markets in Bianzhou and Yizhou
I didn't expect to be so young
Ashamed for others
Boss Li, you are flattering me.
I heard
You have the most restaurants in Gangnam Road
A little business is not easy
This is Shopkeeper Lin
You look so young, don't you?
I am the third meeting of the Jiangnan Dao Guild.
All the restaurants on Gangnam Road
The ingredients are all imported from me
Then I'll have to partner with you
Hahaha, shopkeeper Lin, feel free to contact if you need it.
Good old fan
Are you a little inauthentic?
Then what should I do?
Ahahahaha
Shopkeeper Lin
You're new to Gangnam Road, haven't you seen it everywhere?
We will show you around the scenery.
It's good to test at night
Shopkeeper Lin is coming, let me toast you first
Then I would like to thank President Li
I wish Shopkeeper Lin a prosperous business
There is something I want to discuss with you.
This old fox has finally revealed his fox's tail